[All] Update to collectAsStateWithLifecycle to latest alpha (#995)
android/compose-samples: Jetcaster/README.md

 - The ViewModel is implemented as [`HomeViewModel`][homevm], which exposes a `StateFlow<HomeViewState>` for the UI to observe.
 - [`HomeViewState`][homevm] contains the complete view state for the home screen as an [`@Immutable`](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/runtime/Immutable) `data class`.

>  - The Home Compose UI in [`Home.kt`][homeui] uses [`HomeViewModel`][homevm], and observes it's [`HomeViewState`][homevm] as Compose [State](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/runtime/State), using [`collectAsStateWithLifecycle()`](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/package-summary#collectasstate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The Home Compose UI in [`Home.kt`][homeui] uses [`HomeViewModel`][homevm], and observes it's [`HomeViewState`][homevm] as Compose [State](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/compose/runtime/State), using [`collectAsStateWithLifecycle()`](https://developer.android.com/reference/kotlin/androidx/lifecycle/compose/package-summary#(kotlinx.coroutines.flow.StateFlow).collectAsStateWithLifecycle(androidx.lifecycle.LifecycleOwner,androidx.lifecycle.Lifecycle.State,kotlin.coroutines.CoroutineContext)):
```
